Updating Microsoft QA link to specific acs one (#126209)
Azure/azure-content: articles/communication-services/support.md

## Post a question to Microsoft Q&A

> For quick and reliable answers to product or technical questions you might have about Azure Communication Services, engage with us on [Microsoft Q&A](/answers/products/azure-communication-services.html). You can get answers from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For quick and reliable answers to product or technical questions you might have about Azure Communication Services, engage with us on [Microsoft Q&A](/answers/tags/128/azure-communication-services). You can get answers from:
```
